# Menu
menu.border.color: #455a64

menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #42565F
menu.title.text.color: #C1C8CC
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #42565F
menu.items.text.color: #C1C8CC
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #74838A

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #52656D
menu.items.active.text.color: #ECEFF1

menu.separator.color: #3A4C54
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 2
menu.separator.padding.height: 4


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #2A373E
window.active.title.bg: raised solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #2A373E
window.active.title.separator.color: #2A373E
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.title.bg.highlight: 20
window.active.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ECEFF1

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #2A373E

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #2A373E

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #2A373E
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #BBC0C4

window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #3D494F
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ECEFF1

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #505B61
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ECEFF1

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #2A373E
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #465258


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #2A373E
window.inactive.title.bg: raised solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #2A373E
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #2A373E
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.title.bg.highlight: 20
window.inactive.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #778085

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #2A373E

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #2A373E

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #2A373E
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #778085

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #333F46
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #A8AEB2

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #3B494F
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #A8AEB2

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #2A373E
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #465258


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #2A373E

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #4F5B66

osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #4F5B66
osd.label.text.color: #DFE1E8

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #8FA1B3

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #65737E

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #65737E
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #2A373E

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #2A373E
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #2A373E

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border 
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #65737E
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #2A373E

osd.button.focused.box.color: #8FA1B3


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 0
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 4
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: center
